docs: Clarify that do-not-disrupt annotation applies to expiration (#5510)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/concepts/disruption.md

### Node-Level Controls

> You can block Karpenter from voluntarily choosing to disrupt certain nodes by setting the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` annotation on the node. This will prevent consolidation and expiration actions on the node.

Reviewer: Nice catch and update! One ask: Can you update these changes across the v0.32 and v0.33 doc versions as well?

Author: Added the changes to those, as well as v0.30 and v0.31.

Reviewer: I just called it out, but I don't think that we want this change in v0.30 or v0.31 since that annotation wasn't available there yet

> You can block Karpenter from voluntarily choosing to disrupt certain nodes by setting the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` annotation on the node. This will prevent consolidation and expiration actions on the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can block Karpenter from voluntarily choosing to disrupt certain nodes by setting the `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` annotation on the node. This will prevent disruption actions on the node.
```

Author: Applied your suggestions to /v0.32, /v0.33, /preview, /docs.

#### Example: Disable Disruption on a NodePool

> NodePool `.spec.annotations` allow you to set annotations that will be applied to all nodes launched by this NodePool. By setting the annotation `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` on the NodePool, you will selectively prevent all nodes launched by this NodePool from being considered in consolidation or expiration actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NodePool `.spec.annotations` allow you to set annotations that will be applied to all nodes launched by this NodePool. By setting the annotation `karpenter.sh/do-not-disrupt: "true"` on the NodePool, you will selectively prevent all nodes launched by this NodePool from being considered in disruption actions.
```

Author: Applied your suggestions to /v0.32, /v0.33, /preview, /docs.
